=head1 NAME 

TODO LIST FOR WordNet::SenseRelate::TargetWord

=head1 SYNOPSIS

A list of things to do for WordNet::SenseRelate::TargetWord. 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

As these items are completed, move them down into Recently
Completed Items, make sure to date and initial. When we have
a version release, all of the recently completed items 
should be moved into changelog.pod. 

=head2 FOR VERSION 0.07:

=over

=item *

Add a Graphical Interface to the package. 

=back

=head2 GOOD IDEAS FOR FUTURE WORK, DO WHEN POSSIBLE

=over 4

=item *

Combine WordNet::SenseRelate::TargetWord with WordNet::SenseRelate::AllWords.

=item * 

Rather than specifying the Semantic Relatedness measure as a separate option, it
should be passed as an option to any of the algorithms that require it.

=back

=head1 AUTHORS

Copyright (c) 2005 Siddharth Patwardhan, Ted Pedersen, and Satanjeev Banerjee

=head1 BUGS

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

changelog.pod

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2005 Siddharth Patwardhan, Ted Pedersen, and Satanjeev 
Banerjee. 

Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this  document  
under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or any  
later version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no  
Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.

Note: a copy of the GNU Free Documentation License is available on the web   
at L<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/fdl.html> and is included in this    
distribution as FDL.txt. 

=cut

